feat: extend appliance upgrade documentation (#315)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: howto/upgrade/upgrade-appliance.md

(howto-upgrade-appliance)=
# How to Upgrade the Appliance

> The upgrade process for the Anbox Cloud Appliance is straightforward. The primary step is updating the snap package to the appropriate channel. Please note that downgrades are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upgrade process for the Anbox Cloud Appliance is as simple as updating the snap package to the appropriate channel. Before upgrading the appliance, consider the changes that the new version brings as downgrades are not supported.
```

If you are on the `latest` track, upgrade to the newest snap version by running:

    sudo snap refresh anbox-cloud-appliance

> Automatic updates may install the new version without manual intervention.

Reviewer: Just confirming --> We use "may install" because there are scenarios where manual intervention might be required?

Author: Yes, depending on the refresh schedule the user has configured for snapd.
